Protagonists.

Rum-Maj
Skrapnel
Nightflight
Countdown (Legend. Dreamwave universe)
Chomp (tfwiki has nothing!)





Nightflight settled into the seat, adjusting his wingtips uncomfortably. He hated to fly; no, correction - he hated to be flown. 
His place was in the heavens, gliding unseen through a planet's atmosphere on his way to complete a mission. But being flown? That was 
an insult. He hated to be flown.

But times were hard. Ever since the end of the war it was getting harder and harder to get by. The occasional corporate espionage gig had kept him going, but 
for a long haul flight like this he couldn't afford the energon. So here he was, being flown, chattel inside the belly of a dumb beast piloted by incompetents. He hated being flown.

There wasn't even much going on on the flight; a mostly empty shuttle with a handful of no-name mechanoids. The likelihood of Nightflight picking up any juicy intel on this flight was 
much akin to the likelihood of Whisper showing competence as a leader. Back when he was Whisper anyway. The last Nightflight had heard Whisper was now Visper and embroiled in some kind 
of death cult worship of Megatron. Probably still there even after Megatron returned. Idiot.

Nightflight was unsure who on this flight was most worthy of his disdain, candidates all. Perhaps whoever in ticketing had allowed a Sharkticon on was most worthy of that honour.
Sighing, Nightflight closed his eyes and wondered who he had offended to end up here.
---

The Sharkticon was hungry. This was not unusual, neither for this particular Sharkticon or for any of its species. The urge to feed was a constant background to a Sharkticon's existence, 
and this Sharkticon had long since learned to let the hunger become a constant gnawing buzz, a level of focus worth of, well, the great Gnaw itself. The Sharkticon pondered this, and then
pondered whether the act of pondering was worth pondering - did other Sharkticons think thus, or were they still slaves to the hunger?

Looking around the Sharkticon realized the air ship was filling with food...gnnn...others. The others did not look filling. Did they hunger? Did they understand the depth of hunger that 
the Sharkticon felt? Have they learned to push it in to the endless hungerhum of background? The Sharkticon considered the walking snacks, lacking the attraction of a good meal. How could it 
tell them apart? They must have different identifiers. Names. Did the Sharkticon have a name? Do any Sharkticons have names? Gnaw aside. And who named Gnaw?

The Sharkticon closed its eyes and tried to sink into the existential angst screaming back at it from the hungerhum.
---

Rum-maj watched the Sharkticon. Did she know this one? Did it know her? It had been some time since she and he who shall not be named had led legions of Sharkticons for the good of all. She 
hoped not, she didn't need complications. This was just one more leg on her trip back to Junkion. She needed to follow up the rumor, then get back to her people. They tended to get distracted when 
she wasn't there, finding trouble, making trouble, causing trouble; basically trouble. If she only had a dozen problems when she got back, she'd count it a win.

The others on this ship were a bunch of random buckethead Cybertronians. She thought the insect was familiar, but the other two were a blank to her. And then there was the Sharkticon of course. It wasn't tied
down and looked like it was barely controlling itself. Best not to get too distracted or she might have to take care of it.

The Insecticon though. Something familiar about it. Nothing unusual about its arrogant air, almost enough to make the other Decepticon fade further into its seat than it seemed to be trying to do. Someone to 
watch. Rium-maj narrowed her eyes, then closed them in silent contemplation of the path ahead.
---

"How dare he?", Shrapnel thought to himself. Bombshell had gone too far. The Insecticons were Shrapnel's, and would be again despite Bombshell's bumbling. W 




*All have eyes closed. Loud noise, explisions, Mercenaries are attacking. Our 5 have to bond and fight back* Ends with Chomp munching on a Mercenary.

